okay so we've taken a spray hood and
we've taken this put it on and I took
some some dark screening so that we can
cover his eyes and we're going to then
take some of this foam it's called a wet
foam it's just real very lightweight
foam that can be shaped and cut very
easy and we've carved the top part we're
making a venom style mask and so we've
shaped this and then we're going to use
latex liquid latex and glue it to the
hood and then we're going to start
working on adding some elements to it to
start creating a venom mask I took that
square block of foam and I carve that
lower jaw the tongue all in one piece
and now I'm going to spray everything
black to give me something to work from
so we have it painted black and this is
gonna give us a base to work from and
the top now I'm going to take a little
bit of this real light weight modeling
clay and we're gonna start building up
the head part of the mask alright got my
first coat of the modeling clay on top
of the mask and it's going to start to
give it the shape and I'm giving them a
couple spots to see and I think it's
going to turn out pretty good I'm going
to now cover the whole thing with some
liquid latex that's gonna kind of hold
it together and give us a nice area a
nice solid surface to work from so we'll
let this dry cover it with some latex
and then we'll add to it all right i
spray-painted the modeling clay black
and now we're adding liquid latex to it
to smooth out all the edges and we'll
let this dry and then we'll probably add
some veins and a couple other things
from here I added a little more liquid
latex and build up some areas on the
side of the head here to give it a
little depth and now I'm gonna work on
the teeth so I'm just taking some wood
putty and I'm shaping some teeth I'm
gonna let this dry and then we'll pay
them white and we'll be able to push it
right into the foam in the jaw and
pretty good so I added teeth to it and
it turned out really nice so I'll
probably do a little more touch-up on
the paint but with a spray hood very
inexpensive and a little bit of foam
lightweight foam you can really create a
nice mask and you don't have to put
makeup on so for Halloween easy way to
create some nice ghoulish effects